(electric buzzing)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(upbeat music)
♪ Posh money ♪
♪ Staying focused on a mission ♪
♪ Shane Duncan ♪
♪ 2020 vision for the finish oh ♪
♪ White dog ♪
♪ Get up ♪
♪ All I know is hustle ♪
♪ Try to get it can't go
back to the struggle ♪
♪ To the struggle never ♪
♪ Running numbers back
I'm trying to bubble ♪
♪ Count it nigga ♪
♪ 2020 vision staying focused ♪
♪ Staying focused on a mission yeah ♪
♪ 2020 vision for the finish ♪
♪ Yeah yeah ♪
♪ Staying focused on the mission yeah ♪
♪ 2020 vision for the finish ♪
♪ Tunnel vision free Kodak ♪
♪ Free Kodak ♪
♪ About to finish that's the hold back ♪
- What the fuck y'all niggas
get into last night man?
I was calling this nigga.
this nigga don't never
answer his fucking phone bro.
- It was skeet bro. that shit.
- For real?
- Slap it man.
- That what you saying?
- I had it going as you do so you know?
- You ain't getting no hoes
up in that bitch though.
- Man I'm faithful why you
always on that bullshit?
That's why a nigga can't
get it with you man.
I can't get get with y'all...
♪ The shots called now I see it ♪
♪ Speak a good game
believe it when I see it ♪
♪ Ain't no half step because
I'm knee deep in it ♪
- You gotta try man. you gotta try man.
- Hello.
♪ Extraordinary yard dog uh ♪
- Yeah we down here bro.
♪ This ain't no rare shit
revolve my life around it ♪
♪ I wanna split the party
muscle that's inside me ♪
♪ Stray their jaws and brains ♪
♪ Storm in me and DJ fucking ♪
(car engine revving)
- Hey man y'all get on 'em niggas man.
(car hooter beeps)
- Niggas ain't moving.
- Nigga fuck you nigga.
- Niggas ain't moving
stop blowing the horn at me bro.
It's over with.
(engine reeving)
(mumbles)
(gun shots)
(motorcycle engine revs)
(car horn beeps)
- Yeah bitch.
(gun shots)
(intense music)
♪ Man it's bloody where I come from ♪
♪ It's so bloody where I come from yeah ♪
♪ Don't get a 15 year old play with guns ♪
♪ He love to play with guns yeah ♪
♪ My nigga TJ keeps the fucking my girl ♪
♪ I sip the drink I let it back ♪
♪ I keep my pain numb ♪
♪ Man it's weird where I come from ♪
♪ Come from. come from. come from ♪
(car horn beeps)
(car engine revving)
- Excuse me miss.
Do you have a second?
- No disrespect rather.
but I don't want any pies or cakes.
- Huh. miss we're not selling anything.
I'm Detective Clark.
this is Detective Joe.
We need to ask you a few questions
about Jasmine King's murder.
- I don't know nothing
about no Jasmine King.
Now if that's it I must go.
- Ma'am. if you remember
anything think of anything
here's my card.
Don't hesitate. give us a call okay?
- Okay.
(door knocks)
- [Mike] What's up Sabrina?
- Hey Mike.
- Have a seat.
What's new?
- I ran into David Garrison
on my way to lunch.
and he had quite a bit of info to offer.
- Excuse me sir. you dropped something.
- Sabrina?
- David?
Haven't seen you in a while.
How has everything been going?
- A nightmare. a total fucking nightmare.
- Why do you say that?
- For starters. me living on a daily basis
not knowing what the FBI
gonna do about my indictment
on top of me knowing the truth
about the Jasmine King situation.
- What do you mean the truth?
(sighs heavily)
- Sabrina. if I tell you this
this got to stay just between you and I.
- David. you have my word.
- I know everything that took place
leading up until and during the murder.
I also know that Ricky played a huge part
in a lot of unsolved homicides.
but by me being up under indictment.
my testimony is not credible.
- David. we will do everything we can
to support you in this case.
- Look it's good to
see you but I gotta go.
- I will do all I can to
help him get through this.
but first. I need him to agree to testify
in regards to the Jasmine case.
and then we can discuss his
case. over a few drinks.
(cawing)
(foot steps)
- Got a package for you.
- For me?
I didn't order anything.
- Is this you?
- Yes. but let me look here...
- Have a nice day.
- You too.
(screeches and thuds)
(mumbles)
- That soft ass nigga over there
thinks he's untouchable cause
Pablo's fucking with him.
- Hey man fuck both of them niggas man.
Nigga Pablo played his
hand's fucked up anyway.
- I swear if I weren't to touching down
I'd down both of them bitch ass niggas.
- Hey man don't jeopardize
your freedom for nobody nigga
just tell me the word man
I'm on both of their heads.
(ball thudding and screeches)
- Hey get the fuck out the way.
Get the fuck out
get the fuck the out the way.
- Yeah no doubt man.
- Get the fuck out of here nigga.
Put your hands behind your back.
- What the fuck I do?
- Put your hands behind your back.
- Hands behind your mother fucking back
- Man what the fuck I do?
(screeches)
(footstep sound)
- What's up man?
I seen the way he's looking at you.
What's that all about?
- You.
- Fuck you mean by that?
- Man he ain't respect
I squashed her bitch men
once I found out who you really was.
- Look here man you still
don't know who the fuck I am.
- Man your mama told me
everything about you.
- I find that shit hard to believe.
But anyway man. tell me something.
How did you and my
mother even get together?
- It's a long story.
- Shit I ain't got nothing but time.
- Look bro this is how it all started man.
One.
one two
one one two
(punches thudding)
one
Hey. focus young champ
handout man down.
- My bad coach
- Look you'll have plenty of
time to chase your own tail.
Stay focused man come on
one. one two
time you just want some water man.
Give me three rounds of that jab bro
and be back and resume tomorrow.
Stay focused.
Let me get that head gear
- Chad.
Hey Chad
- [Chad] Yes sir
- Let me holla at you for a minute.
I need you to run a
couple of errands for me.
There's two packages in here.
I need you to take one to Mr B's
and the other one to the tenant trap.
- What about this cash?
- That's for your pocket?
- All right.
(upbeat music)
- I found his shoe box in
your mother fucking room.
- Mom why were you in my room?
- What the fuck do you mean
why me I'm in your room?
Where the fuck you get this
mother fucking money from?
- From Mr. Z. he paid me
to run errands for him
- Oh hell no!
You got me fucked up
that's the biggest drug dealer in Cleve
You got to pack your shit
and go live with your motherfucker father.
'Cause you weren't even
about to go down that path.
But my motherfucking ass
you bout got to get your shit
and get the fuck up out of here.
'Cause this ain't day.
Nah. you can leave this right here.
Go get your shit.
- Florida I win.
- Y'all hear me. your clothes count.
- Get out your mind go finish your story.
(mumbles)
- Alright. for sure man.
- Yeah
- Reprose Koko is a grocery store today.
She'll be ready to sing any minute now.
- What make you believe that
- Because chloric he'd been
applying maximum pressure to it.
- Well you got to do something
until we win our appeal.
You notice when the flag is home.
The better our finances will be.
- Look I know I haven't been
keeping my ad due to my divorce
But we don't need his money.
- I'm not about to have
this conversation right now.
Just keep your eye on a sneaky bitch.
- Okay I got you. I can do that.
- [Man on phone] Hey ma' what's going on.
talked to Pablo today.
- Oh really.
- [Man on phone] He's just telling me
how you used to be chasing him at the gym
when he was a teenager.
- That man is a damn lie.
He's been chasing me his whole life.
- [Man on phone] Tell me something.
how did y'all even get together
if his mother sent him off to Florida?
- Well. after he disappeared
I graduated high school
and went off to college.
- [Man on Phone] Is
that's where you met Pat?
- Yeah that's where I met Pat.
you know that was my
first time away from home.
so I acted a damn fool.
- Hey. how are you?
I'm Patricia and you are?
- Hey Patricia. I'm Anita.
- Nice to meet you. welcome.
I'll be your new chaperone. and dorm mate.
Come on I'll come show you around.
- Man we became the best of friends.
If you saw her then you
saw me and vice versa.
And then we started
partying every single night
- My first night it was jumping
- I'm surprised. I'm
not coming over and...
- I can't wait to the next one
- Oh my. girl don't look.
don't look. don't look.
(mumbles)
- Hey let me talk to you for a second.
- Go ahead
(mumbles)
Yes do it. you've been waiting
- Hey. I'm Eric.
You gotta be afraid I don't bite.
- Hi Eric. I'm Pat. this is my girl Anita.
- Oh nice to meet you Kat.
Anita has anybody ever told
you how beautiful you are.
- Excuse me the name is Pat.
She gets told that every day.
(chuckles)
My apologies Pat. I
don't mean to offend you.
Yeah let me start over.
Hello Pat. and Anita would
y'all do me the honor.
of being my guest at one of
the campus parties tonight.
- Sure. we'll go.
- Go down.
- Sounds good.
- Yeah
(laughs)
- And this one night. we
party with a group of guys
and I promise you son that was
the worst decision I ever made.
(door knock)
- [Man] Hey look. somebody at the door.
- Hey Pat and Nit. how you doing?
- Hey.
- Hi
(squeaking)
I heard Eric was here.
- I don't know about that
but you guys take a seat.
You guys want a drink?
- No thank you.
- Anita I don't know about this.
I mean. it'd be fine he
said he'll be here soon.
Well um...
- Girl no I don't want
wine I think we need to go.
- I'ma stay. but look stay by the phone
I'll call you if I need you.
- Girl are you sure?
- Yeah he said he'll be here
it'll be fine. it'll be fine.
- Alright Anita.
Anita just call me if you need me.
- Yeah. it'll be fine.
- Okay.
(oven dings)
(chuckles)
(sizzling)
- [Man on phone] Why do you say that?
- Because I started doing drugs
and I ain't talking about weed.
- He said he'll be out here in a minute.
You should go ahead and party soon.
- I don't even know what that is
I never did that before.
- Oh. I was just starting to
some of this blow right here
it'll calm you down a little bit.
- That next morning. I
did remember nothing.
I hurried up and got dressed
and went back to my dorm.
And that night I didn't lose my virginity
but I lost my entire soul
and I started craving drugs.
My grades started to slip.
I had to drop out of school.
I couldn't go home.
So I wound up staying
off campus with Eric.
(mumbles)
- [Eric] Maybe we can talk and talk about
a little bit more next time
you understand when I call you
- Okay. well you be safe
I love you son
- I love you too.
- [Officer] Hey mate Robinson
you go into the infirmary.
- Okay boss.
- Move back from me.
(door squeaking)
- What's up over here.
- Fly what's up with you.
- Ah man. you know just
looking at these books man
in here trying to find me a loophole
to get back in the courtroom man.
- Ain't nothing wrong with that man.
I've been nice so much.
I just stopped at the fact
that I'm die behind these walls.
- When you go back to the board?
- I go back in 26 months
- And hopefully they
pay you this time man.
I mean you didn't gamble 30
bar what more do they want.
- Shit. they want my life.
Shit this system was designed
for another form of genocide against me.
- You got a motherfucking
point right there man.
It's crazy how they do a
nigga in this wall man.
Man this shit is crazy.
All right get out there.
stay out there man for real.
- [Ice Pick Rick] Hey homie.
- Yeah what's up?
- You wanna hold back there?
- Yeah I'm back there yeah why what's up?
- Shit I got a homie back there name Wink
I'm trying to locate.
- Wink?
That's my celly.
- For real.
- Yeah.
- Hey can you give him something for me?
- Hold on.
Make sure he get this man.
- All right. what's your name?
- Oh they call me Ice Pick Rick
- All right.
- Inmate Smith. get back in there.
- All right. all right but you
come on up in here with me?
- Boy bye.
- Yeah it did man.
You ever seen that white boy
I used to run with when
I was here last time.
- Oh yeah man. I'll be saying a man
but he going off that'd be cool medicine.
You don't even know if he
coming and going sometime.
- Damn man. that's crazy man.
I had a system fucking a
nigga up like that man.
Hey you know I think his bottom bitch
jumped out the car on you too man.
- Shit don't they all.
Shit. I had a whole flock of
woman back in the days man.
But when none of them
are solid yo old girl.
(chuckles)
- But you go man.
And he looked man
I remember dude telling
me something about man
- Pablo you pretty much run a
prison serving a life sentence
and got all the guards kissing his ass.
He was a King fan in
Cleveland and well-respected.
Got caught up on a drug murder case.
They say he killed about five people.
I don't know how true it is
whatever would be the case.
I always give them cigarettes...
- You here some shit like that.
- Nah. listen man. don't
believe everything you hear man
a lot of people just be
running their mouths man.
- Shit man at this point I
don't know what to believe man.
- My flats if you only
knew half the truth man.
- The truth about what man?
What you did and or why you in now?
- Both.
- Shit.
Well this is your opportunity.
explain right here
- Listen man. it all began
man like '86. '87 man.
You know I was down in Florida man.
I was doing my one two.
I was like one of the biggest
dope dealers in the city man.
I was married. had two kids
and I got caught up
and now police gave me
like three options man.
One was I can go to jail.
I can leave the city or I just die
and get killed or something man.
You know I did the smartest thing man.
Got the fuck up out of there.
There's no real nigga.
that's what real niggas do.
You know what I'm saying.
So you know by me being from
Cleveland. I came back home.
Only thing I brought with
me man. was a duffel bag
and just some clothes that's it.
- So what am I your family?
- Shit I had to do what I had to do.
Shit I told her why once I get settled
I'll come back and get her.
- So you mean to tell me they up here?
- Unfortunately no.
- So what happened?
- Man I got settled in man
I was ready for them
and then I received a
notice in the mail man.
She filed divorce.
Man I was devastated bro.
- So what'd you do next?
- Well I deal with any
true hustler dude man
I got back to the paper.
shit after about six months
shit I had hoes. money. clothes
you name it I had it
(mumbles)
However. shit there's one evening
I was waiting on her to leave
and I was riding the bus stop.
I seen this chick that looks familiar
and I thought to myself
damn that I need it from back in the day.
(car roaring)
(birds chirping)
- Anita is that you?
- Pablo!
- Wow been a long time what you been up to
- Living life. tryna survive.
- Where you headed?
- Home.
- Where is home?
- 260th in Euclid.
- Come on. hop in I'm heading that way.
- I don't wanna inconvenience you.
- Oh. I'm good come on.
Plus we got some catching up to do.
Come on lets go.
- If you insist.
(upbeat music)
So I remember your mom.
She made the best chocolate cake.
(chuckles)
Remember when she. brought
that to school one day.
- Oh everybody was trying to get a piece
- Yeah...
How has she been?
- I mean she been good.
Things were rough here and there
but no she always gets good. she's strong.
- So where have you been?
- Been here been there.
I've been doing some traveling.
Just came back from Florida.
- Wow.
- Had to come back home.
- I would love to go there sometime
but it seems like I just
keep getting stuck here.
- You ain't gotta feel like that
I'll take you with me next time.
- That'd be nice.
- We go down here together.
That'd be real nice.
- Yeah. I got you. you aint
gotta worry about nothing else
- You can let me out in here.
- Park right here?
- Yeah
- You sure?
- Yeah I have to go to the store.
(car engine revs)
- When will I see you again?
- I don't know.
- All right cool
take my number give me a call sometime
- Shit that was the last time I seen her.
I'd say I got a call one night man
out of the blue from a strange woman.
- But yeah who was it?
- It was your mother.
- My mother?
Well what'd she say?
- Shit she was crying at first.
Shit I couldn't make
out what she was saying.
(door clacks)
(mumbles)
- Hey Pablo. it is Juanita.
I need you to come get me. I'm in danger.
- [Pablo] Where you at?
- I'm at the same place
you dropped me off at.
- [Pablo] What's wrong?
- I'll tell you when
you get here hurry up.
She hung up on the phone
me being in the streets.
I'm thinking set up.
But I'm thinking in my mind
like she really need.
- So what did you do?
(car engine revving)
- Juanita what happened?
What's wrong?
- He jumped on me for the last time.
- Who did this to you?
- Eric my boyfriend
- Where the hell he at?
- He jumped in the car and pulled off
when I threatened to call the police.
- Cum' on I'll take you
to my house you safe now.
As time went on. we began to
build a solid relationship.
We enjoyed each other's company
and then the unthinkable happened man.
- What?
- It was a Saturday afternoon.
I had to make a deal huffing the proxy.
- Welcome one time
- Shoot him again. shoot
him again. you got him
- Just pay it. I want my money down
- Double up this time
- bet
I need up for a two pieces of
(mumbles)
- All right I'll be right back
keep your eyes and ears open.
- Okay dad. be careful.
Hurry up.
- I got you.
(mumbles)
- Cool that. Pablo lemme hold some
- There you got it
- Y'all got I'm just chasing it
But let me get through here.
- You got it
- What you got
- Eight duce
- Oh no
- They go make that seen
- Bitch no
(mumbles)
- All right let's hurry this
so I can fuck outta here.
- Check this shit out.
- Man its all here bro.
Aint no fucking pick and pay nigga.
(fast music)
(gun shot)
- God damn girl
(siren wailing)
gimme this. go get out of here
- What about you?
- No go now. I got this
(police siren)
- Slow down baby girl
- Excuse me
- Nina. Nina snap out it.
- Shit girl. you scared the hell of me
- Girl we got get out of here
(vomiting)
Oh. are you okay.
- No!
I'm tired of this life.
take me to get some help.
- Where do you wanna go?
- Rehab.
- Okay Nina I got you.
let's get outta here
- Okay gentlemen ya'll
gotta clear this out.
Gentlemen. lets clear this out.
- You're tripping man. all right man
- Okay let's go.
- Man let's get out of here man
(mumbling)
(cell door crackles)
- Hey yo man dude at the hospital
told me to give this to you.
- Fuck shit is this?
What did he look like?
- Darker skin beard.
He's lucky been poked up before.
- Did he say his name?
- Matter of fact he did say
his name. Ice Pick Rick.
- Fuck!
I thought I killed that bitch. man.
- I know you probably
shitting your draws right now.
(chuckles)
I would be too if I was you.
I know that bitch Pablo
orchestrated the whole hit
and you was just doing
what the he was told.
Anyways he gonna get what's
coming to him in due time.
I know you about to touch down
so. I see that you being
paroled to the one house
that your little brother Blaze be at.
I think it's your mama house.
Now that I have your undivided attention.
- Fuck!
I'ma have someone meet you at the gate.
I wanna put our past behind us for now.
If you comply with my demands
good luck in the free world nigga
- Rick. to meet is important.
You got a large shipment coming
I'm putting new blades
- What about the
(mumbles)
- You know what. you right
I'ma get somebody else on
that to work with you Blaze.
- No disrespect boss I can
handle that shit myself.
- I'm go take you two in the
morning and get back with you.
- All right?
- Any further questions?
What's three rules of trig nation.
- [All] Trust no one!
Show no mercy.
Silence is the code of the street
- Let's beat some fools.
go get that money.
What's bruh?
(mumbles)
- What's going on?
- My brother tried to get down
and stuff think about this.
- That's cool right now and
you can focus on this shit.
It's the biggest we ever had.
- I gotcha bro.
- [Rick] Make sure you're
on the parking lot early
- No worries Rick my word is my bond.
- [Rick] Remember. he
ain't nothing but deep sea
dispose him if you know what I mean.
- Say less.
(car engine rev)
(crackles)
- "Hey Koko when you get some free time
please take a look at his flash drive
brace yourself. it's deep.
Please don't shoot the messenger"
(laughing sarcastically)
(video clip rolling)
(mumbles)
- Damn. I have to get that.
- Catch this nigga sleeping man
come on bro
(mumbles)
(screeches)
(door knocks)
(mumbles)
- Hold on girl let me call you back.
- Hey
- You suppose to my best
friend you nasty bitch
I will kill you hoe.
- Bitch he was my man
before your even met him.
you stupid hoe
- Bitch
- Ma'. auntie Koko
- Remember that hoe.
bitch come over old man
bullshit with you damn ass.
Now this bitch did come up here
and starting shit. fuck that bitch
(door alarm)
- Oh. fucked with the wrong bitch.
- Homicide. this is Detective Clark.
Hello?
Anyone there?
- Sorry I got the wrong number.
- Koko. is that you?
- Yes. I accidentally dialed your number.
- Koko. let me help you.
I need your help to make sure
he gets what he deserves.
- I'm afraid
- We can meet up. safe
place. safe location.
Somewhere we can talk. you name the spot.
- Okay.
- All right. I'll be right there.
- Yes I just got it.
- Clark was going on.
- I'll be back in a few.
- Where are you going?
- That Koko girl. she is just called.
She wants to meet up.
This could be the break we needed.
- Oh that's you. would
you want me to tag along?
- No. no you're good
go home get some rest.
I'll call you later
- All right
(phone ring)
- Hey baby.
- [B.m] Hey. what's going on?
- Just laying here.
- [B.m] I told you that
bitch Koko was gonna crack
- Why you say that?
- [B.m] Cause she is about to meet up
with Detective Clark right
now in a secret location
she about to tell him she more
than a big key witness in that Bill case
- Fuck!
I got to call you later. I gotta go.
- [B.m] Where about to
go this time of the night
- I gotta go. Imma call you later.
- [Phone] All right. be careful.
(floor squeaking)
(door crackles)
- [Koko] Can we move from right here.
- Trust me. here with me you're safe.
- You must know a lot of power
he carry even behind bars.
- I know he's very dangerous.
That's why I need your help
to keep him off the streets.
- What do you need me to do?
- I want you to be our key witness
but first you need to tell
me everything you know
about Duarte.
- All I know is. he dealt drugs
Jasmine King. I know he had
something to do with that.
- I promise we will keep you safe.
- How can you be so sure.
- Trust me.
I want him just as bad as you do.
(crowd mumbling)
(background hiphop music)
- Would you ladies like anything else.
- No. I think we good baby. thank you.
- Okay.
- Hey
Sorry to bother you this late.
- You're good
- We'd have a huge problem
- Is everything okay with Devante?
- Yeah. it's okay with him.
- Thank God.
(sighs deeply)
- Is that rat bitch Koko.
- What that bitch did now.
- She's talking to
detective about the case.
- Please don't tell Devante that shit.
- I won't. what about her?
- Oh don't worry about her.
I'ma handle that shit.
Thanks for telling me.
- All right.
(background hiphop music continues)
(crickets stridulating)
(fence crackles)
(feet thudding)
(car engine revs)
- So lets go in the house and finish this.
- Come on lets go.
- Are you sure you ready for all this?
- You ready for this?
- Yeah I'm ready man
- Are you ready to come on
(mumbles)
- All right lets goo
(stridulating continues)
(door cracks)
(feet thudding)
(mumbles)
(gun cocking)
(gun shot)
(screaming)
(mumbles)
bitch take me to that motherfucking safe
(screams)
Shut the fuck up man.
Damn open that bitch up
(upbeat music)
(mumbles)
(screams)
(thudding)
(gun shot)
(feet thudding)
- Man what the fuck you
still doing with this bitch?
(intense music)
(gun shot)
(siren wailing)
- Man bro. why you had
to smoke that bitch bro
- What the fuck you mean?
Nigga I had to. nigga she saw everything.
What the fuck are you talking about.
I said it nigga you see
all the motherfucking bread we got
- You were never supposed to smoke her bro
- Take a look at all we got.
Fuck!
Bro we gotta go back bro.
- Oh bang!
- Nigga the gun. I dropped that bitch bro.
- Man. you gotta go get that bitch bro.
(engine revving)
- Twinkie. this conversation
is important right?
- Okay
- Detective Clark is gonna
ask you a series of questions.
we need to know exactly what you know.
Okay.
- Twinkie. is that your name Twinkie.
- Yes.
- Detective Clark.
All right. I need to know what
you heard and or saw tonight.
- Okay well I heard at least
about three or four gunshots
coming from this house.
It's always commotions
- Where exactly do you live on the street.
- I lived two houses down this way.
- This way over here.
- Yes
- Detective Brown. look
like we got something.
Our murder weapon.
- All right tagging.
- I seen a lot of people coming in
and out of this home all day.
- Tonight.
- Tonight too.
- Tonight as well.
- [Taylor] Detective Clark
- Give me a second please.
- Detective Taylor. Brown
Where the bodies at?
- Down in the basement.
It's a blood bath. so you guys be careful.
- There any officers already down there.
- Yeah. everybody's down here.
- All right We're headed in.
Thank you.
- Brown.
(siren wailing)
- Look. Lesley you be
making nervous and shit man.
Always acting nervous and shit bro. damn!
- Fuck is wrong with you bro.
- Straight up nigga this a gang nigga.
(zip zaps)
Eat or get ate nigga that's how it goes.
Now go left bro.
Oh shit they're going to
12 Keep going. keep going.
Shit boss man press on
that gear. so we cool.
(intense music)
- Excuse me ma'am. it's okay
we're looking for David Garrison.
- Okay I'll call him in.
I let him know you're here
- There's no need of that.
we'll just go to his office.
Cuff her. stay here.
(door knock)
- Special agents. David.
open up or we coming in
(gun shot)
- David. place your hands in the air
and move away slowly
- Yeah. he is done.
- We just received confirmation
from the second floor
of this building that the said suspect.
attorney David Garrison.
has taken his own life.
We'll provide more details
as they become available.
Reporting live I'm Susie Wolf
with Channel 2 news.
(mumbling)
(eerie music)
- Damn baby. you getting fat
- I know ma.
(mumbles)
don't worry about that
Damn man. she came along way man
from premature with health issues
I wanna thank you man so
much mam. for taking her in
you know especially after
everything that happen
I'm just praying man she
don't grow up and hate me
after whatever happened to her mother
- Well just don't wait till last minute
and tell her like your mother did you
- I know man that's crazy
Yoh I love you all some
much man. I miss yo'al
- I love you too dad.
- When I I get out this time man
we gonna live it up man
the right way I talking about legally
- When was the last time you talked
to that bitch Koko
- I haven't heard from her last
since y'all had your dispute
- I'm her mother
- What's up. my love you
I love you
(Whooshes)
- I don't know what I'm going to do
to secure this conviction
versus Jasmine King case
David was willing to take the stand.
- I know it's a hard pill to swallow.
I wanna nail this bastard
as much as you do.
- So what do we do now?
- Check this out.
(keyboard clatters)
- I didn't wanna say anything
till I locked her in to testify.
- Isn't that Devante's girlfriend?
- Yup. she's ready to sing like Beyonce.
- You're a fucking genius.
(soft music)
- Damn bruh. man I ain't
seen my 10 years man.
- Shh. damn that's a minute bro.
- Damn I wonder if he know Fly.
- Ain't got no flog man.
I've been all through the system man.
(car horn yonks)
- Hey you.
- Wait.
- Now who the fuck is you
- My nigga don't worry about it.
Just know Little Birdie sent me. alright.
Answer this when he rings.
- Yeah whatever nigga.
(siren wailing in a distant)
- Hey bro
- What up
- For real man. who this?
- Man shit this my right hand man Top man.
He gone let his brother fly
- I mean I have heard of the nigga.
I don't know him personally.
You know anything from down
the way or some like that.
- What's going on. welcome home bro
- What else
(mumbles)
I'm all right.
- I heard a lot about bro.
- Man believe all them good things.
- Nevermind all that bullshit man
I got something in the car for you.
(siren wailing)
(mumbles)
(cool music)
(car engine rev)
- Girl that 12 hours kicked my ass
- And they think I'm
about to come in tomorrow.
- They knew better than to ask me.
- Right one. raw one girl.
- Right girl. I'm off tomorrow though
but I will see you Wednesday
- All right girl. I will see you.
- What's up young blood.
- Shit I got word on the street
that nigga Wayne touchdown today.
- Oh yeah you got a confirmation on that.
- From reliable source.
- You know too much about me man.
You got to go.
- How you gon do that.
- Let me worry about that now.
(hip hop music)
♪ Trappin and robbin nigga ♪
♪ Trappin and robbin nigga yeah ♪
♪ Don't fuck just up nigga ♪
♪ Yeah we stay up nigga ♪
♪ We get it popping nigga ♪
- What's up little bro.
(mumbles)
- Hello at everybody yet.
- Shit I did man
(mumbles)
- I need an inside track on that shit man.
I'm trying to get right.
- I'm trying to do the whole shit then.
- I need my hands on that
man. I've risked enough man
ain't no looking back.
(mumbles)
- Look man. give me the location. the time
and where they're dropping their shit off.
I'ma do the rest.
- Ain't no more bro
- Right
(hip hop music continues)
(thuds)
- [Phone] Hello.
yeah I forgot to tell you but
they have found Koko dead.
- Oh no. hell no.
little bro don't tell me
no shit like that man.
- [Phone] Yeah she was
found in that car man.
- Hey look here man. I
need you to get on top
of that and find out who the
fuck responsible for that
when you do. man you
let me know all right.
- [Phone] Yeah. this shit crazy
- All right little bro. I love you man.
All right.
(beeps)
- They about to be pulling up in a minute
remember no more stakes no barging.
(beeps)
- Look chill out bro man.
we got this man. just play your role man.
Take one for the team.
- The fuck I get myself into man.
(feet thudding)
(truck honks)
(truck engine revving)
(truck beeping)
(engine roaring)
(speaks foreign language)
- Are looking some errands
(mumbles)
Fine make sure everything can go slow
(speaks foreign language)
- We're safe
(car-boot cracks)
(siren wailing)
(gun shot)
(intense music)
(screams)
(continuous gun shots)
(zaps)
(mumbles)
- Oh. shit!
- Take the truck get with
that body on. see you on
- What about Blaze?
(mumbles)
(beeps)
(car engine starts)
(phone vibrates)
- Hello. everything's good bro.
- [Phone] What's up Willie. you
are from hanging with Blaze.
I've been trying to call
him for like an hour
and he keeps ignoring.
he directed to voicemail.
- Yeah I talked to him earlier.
He had a test today
(mumbles)
- I want you to try hitting him
and see when he answers your call man.
- All right I'ma call you right back.
(phone vibrates)
- Hello.
- [Phone] Hey man. something
wrong with your plate?
- Yeah man that shit crazy man
all right give me a form my nigga.
(scoffs)
silly ass nigga.
- Hello.
- Yes something right calling
Blaze but he ain't answer.
- What?
- I tried calling him a couple of times
but he was trying
(mumbles)
- Fuck man.
- Okay my phone secure but
he pulled up right here.
- Man let me know what's going on
soon as you get there and bro ASAP man.
- All right man.
- One.
Damn!
Fuck
(screams)
- Blaze.
(caws)
(groaning)
- Damn bro you good what
the fuck happened bro
- Hell bro.
(mumbles)
- Did you see any face bro?
- Hell no I no mother fucking
(mumbles)
- C'mon. we get the fuck out of here bro.
(phone vibrates)
- Man what the fuck does this
whole ass nigga Ricky want?
(vibration continues)
Man what the fuck you want man?
- [Ricky] Damn so-called
killer. have some respect.
- Man I ain't trying to hear that shit
so talk fast man. what's up?
- [Ricky] It's time for
Fly little brother Tye
to go fishing.
- What the fuck that gotta do with me?
- [Ricky] Cause I need you to
take him on a fishing trip.
- Man. fuck that man.
Fuck you nigga. bye.
Fuck that whole ass nigga think I am
fuck that nigga.
(night screeches)
- You got a snake or monsters .
When I catch you. I'm go kill you
don't everybody speak at once.
Anybody know what happened.
What's up. Blaze.
what's up?
I put you in charge of this shit.
- I know but I fucked up man.
- That's an understatement.
I trust you on this one bro.
- I know if you would've put...
- Tell us about shooting.
then make it right ain't you?
Right?
- I'll make it right bro.
- Listen!
Don't ever move. don't ever go home
till this shit get handled.
Ain't nothing going on around here
till we found them mother
fuckers and get 'em.
Now get the fuck out of
here and get my money.
- Yo boss.
- Now get fuck out my face
and get out of my office man.
- All right you got it.
What's going on bro?
(mumbles)
(soft music)
- What's up Wink?
- Hey. what's up. how you doing?
- I'm doing good. you want the regular.
- Yeah gimme one. get her one too.
- Okay.
- So you with him now.
- Yeah.
- That's cool. are you okay though.
(sigh)
make her strong.
(laughing)
- Orange juice. lemon juice. lime?
- Lime
- Enjoy
- Good evening ladies and gentlemen
- [Audience] Good evening
- Help me welcome a comedian extraodinaire
to say the least to the stage.
This lady has tour with
some of the biggest artists
in the country. the biggest
artists in the world.
Comedian Benita World.
(audience applauding)
- How y'all doing Cleveland?
(audience murmurs)
- You know I was actually
born and raised in Cleveland.
So it feels good to be home.
Y'all doing all right tonight?
- [Audience] Yeah
- You know everywhere I go.
I like to find my people.
I like to find my thick ass.
and will help you out.
Now you got any thick ass in the room?
- [Audience] Yeah
- I know of there's a lot
more of us in here today
(laughs)
Some of you niggas is in denial
But maybe you don't know you're thick ass
lemme help you out
if your arms do this right
here. you are a thick ass.
If you slant the table and
your titties is on the table
baby you are a thick ass.
If you can't to cross your legs.
and you can only cross them at the ankles.
you are a thick ass.
Ladies if you've gone to buy your clothes.
and they got a number and a letter
bitch get a angle of
there is no move away babe
you are a thick ass...
- [Phone] You're on twos bro
- I'm always on a two
- [Phone] You're always on a two bro
- Okay can't hear what you're saying.
I'll be right back baby
mind if I take this call
- [Phone] Your on twos
- Let me step in the
bathroom. I can't here you
(hiphop Music)
now what you saying
- [Phone] Both men. he own twos bro
- Man fuck that nigga man.
He don't want to with me.
- [phone] I'm just saying though.
I think we should lay low
for a little while man.
- Man just play it cool man.
I gotta plan man. I'ma let you lay low
- Alright man
- Scary ass nigga.
(mumbles)
♪ Now that nigga doing life ♪
♪ And he ain't got an out date ♪
♪ This the type of shit ♪
♪ That happened daily on our friends ♪
(audience applauding)
- Come on everyone I think
you're better than that.
give it up
(applause continues)
- Big up to my girl Camil
and is straight there
(mumbles)
(audience applause)
- What the fuck!
- What's wrong?
- They just found Koko murdered in her car
(background murmurs)
Hey wait a minute don't tell me you did...
- Did what?
How dare you fix your mouth to
say anything like that to me.
- You're right. I don't
know what came across me.
I apologize.
(mumbles)
This should cover the table.
I gotta get to the scene
I'ma call you later.
(background murmurs)
(applause)
(car engine roars)
(slow music)
- Bingo!
There's our motive.
We need to get this Tommie girl in here
right now for questioning.
- That's huge.
This can be the lead we looking for.
- Yeah. we need to get a move on.
All right. you go out the car
I'll grab a last note.
- I'll meet outside
- Right there.
- Yes sir!
(keyboard typing)
(slow music)
(thuds)
(door squeaks)
- [Clark] Pardon me young
lady. is your mother here?
- Ma
- [Tommie] What?
- There's two men outside
the door looking for you
- [Tommie] Who the hell is it?
- I dunno
- [Tommie] Then find out.
- May I ask who y'all are?
- Yeah. I'm detective
Clark. this is detective Joe
we're Homicide Department.
- Oh wow.
Ma' they're detectives from
the Homicide Department
- [Tommie] Should they kiss my ass.
the fuck do they want with me
- Excuse me ma'am. you Tommie Taylor.
- Yes I am. what can I do for you?
- Can you step out talk to us for a minute
(door squeaks)
- I'm detective Clark.
this is detective Joe
we're Homicide Department.
We'd like you to come downtown with us
answer a few questions please.
- Questions about what?
- A murder Investigation.
- I aint murder shit.
- It's okay.
We still would like you
to come down with us
- Can I at least put on some clothes.
- Yeah please.
(door squeak)
- I'ma need you to watch your
sister for me really quick.
I need to go downtown
with these detectives.
- Okay
(upbeat music)
(feet thudding)
- Damn. where you going
- Watch out young blood
- That's cool I see you still got it
- Yeah man I'm about to get ready
to go to the parole board man
see what they gonna do man
- Oh yeah. they gonna pay you this time.
- I hope so I'm glad you got
a little faith in your old man
(mumbles)
- I'll get up with you now
let me go and get ready man
- All right good luck man.
- I appreciate it
- Yeah all right no doubt
- Still happening bro?
- What's up bro?
Do you want get a piece
(mumbles)
- Play by you
I said a little look ma
- Tell me we had a division
across team two bodies bro.
- Man bro. what the fuck
are you talking about bro
nigga aint worry about that shit
nigga change the subject bro.
- Your boss been questioning your moves
(mumbles)
Till you bring that up I don't wanna hear
this shit to the organization
- Think nigga fuck the boss
nigga I'm out here nigga.
- Dude I put my name on that
nigga I bring you in bro
- Nigga man fuck all that shit nigga.
Fuck the boss nigga. I'm out
here nigga. you already know.
(slow music)
(whooshing)
(knocking)
- Come in.
- Come on in take a seat.
- Thank you officer.
We'll notify you when he's ready.
(door thuds)
- So. Mr. Wilson. this is your
fourth time coming before us?
- Yes it is
- You've served 30 years
in a life sentence.
- Yes ma'am.
- So. it's obvious that you were denied
the past three times.
So what have you done
different that would warrant us
to approve your parole?
- Well. over the years
I have shown the same
exact parole board that I
have rehabilitated myself.
I have took every program they
had to offer. to no avail.
I also have stayed out of trouble
for the majority of my time
but they haven't taken
that into consideration.
I just wanna live my life
outside these penitentiary walls
but also know that y'all
gonna deny me anyway.
So quite frankly. I
really don't give a damn.
(sighs)
- Okay. thank you Mr. Wilson
we will review everything
and we will get back
to you within 90 days.
- Officer we're done here.
(slow instrumental music)
- Lets go.
(crackles)
(water gushing)
(beeps)
- Hello. detective Brown?
Yes. I'm calling from the lab.
I just removed the casing from the victim.
I believe we have a match that
seems to match the firearm
that you guys recovered.
Yes
I will.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Goodbye
(phone ringing)
- This is detective Clark
- Detective Clark. this
is detective Taylor.
how are you?
- Hey Taylor what's up?
- Good. I just got a phone call
from my partner detective Brown
and we got an update on
that double murder case
that happened about a week ago.
- Oh yeah.
What's the news?
- Well. she got a call
from the medical examiner's office
and the ballistic it matches the gun
that we found at the scene
and you won't believe this.
it has Taylor's finger prints on the gun.
- Do you want me to go pick him up
- Well. not quite
Brown is out of town. she
can't get a flight back tonight
so I was thinking if you can assist me
with apprehending a
suspect. that'll be great.
- Well you just need a little backup
- Yeah he actually frequent a place
called the Cottonwood
Tavern is down on Saranac
are you familiar with that area?
- Yeah I know the one.
yeah I've been there
- Correct
The address is 15507 Saranac.
- Yep.
- All right I'll see you tonight.
We'll get this bustard off the streets.
- Al right. let's go grab em
- Bye
(siren wailing in a distant)
(slow music)
(background murmurs)
(hiphop music)
(mumbles)
Royal Taylor. stand up you're under arrest
- What?
- Put your hands behind your back
- As said put your hands behind your back
(sighs)
Mr. Taylor you were under arrest right
- What's that for
- You have the right remain silent.
You have the right to an attorney.
You have the right to
have that attorney present
when you were questioned.
If you cannot afford this attorney.
one can be appointed for you.
Do you understand these rights
as I've read them to you
- Man who's blown on for what?
- Come on
(hiphop music plays)
(beeps)
(murmurs)
- Hello
- [Phone] Where you at. I'm by your cell
- Sitting on casino with
my brother. was going on
- [Phone] Man our boss just got arrested
with some major shit.
- I already know that shit man
but fuck all that man.
I'm gonna call you back man
when I get up outta here though
- [Phone] All right don't fuck me up man.
- All right.
- The fuck was that
- That wast that nigga Taylor man
- What that nigga talking about
- He talking about boss
and how they got caught up on
some little murder shit man.
- Yeah fuck both of them niggas.
- Right
(mumbles)
- Okay. so you don't want to talk.
Okay. its going down.
- Damn. fuck man.
- Well. you think you got
something you wanna say to us you?
You wanna talk?
Here's the thing.
We got somebody in the other room
ready to write a full
confession against you.
That means for me a pack of
Newports a four for four.
You. you going to jail
for the rest of your life.
What do you wanna do?
- What's it for me
- Oh
(knocks)
(murmurs)
(beeping)
- Taylor lest do this fake friends
- Can even be seen right there.
- What the fuck do you mean?
- You see my nigga sitting right there
- What the fuck that supposed to mean?
- That means get you ass up!
- Man who the fuck you talking to nigga?
(mumbles)
- Come on young. don't worry man
get the fuck over there man.
- Hey look hommie. you
ain't have to do that man.
I handle my own man
- Man shit with all that shit.
That shit about nothing
about these little be wild
and out of control man.
Know what I'm saying?
What's up with you though?
- I'm Floyd my nigga
- Damn you Tye's big brother.
- Yeah man. that's my little brother.
I ain't heard from him in a minute though.
you know what I mean?
Shit man.
Oh man you say your name what?
- I'm like oh nigga
- Oh you that nigga
got my brother out here
(mumbles)
- Little nigga was wild and old dumb shit
till he followed me man
like I can get some money
taking care of his family.
- Shit I can't tell.
- All right we be all later bro.
- Henry Williams. lets go.
- After hours of reviewing
your motion for appeal
this court has decided
to deny your appeal.
Are there any remarks from council?
- No your honor.
- You are here by order
to complete your sentencing as mandated.
This court is adjourned.
(thuds)
- What's up young blood?
- What's up with it?
- Ah man. here man I
got something for you.
- What's this?
- just read it.
- Oh shit.
I told you it's gonna pay you baby.
- Man I'm glad man
after 30 years man they
gave me some rhythm man.
- Shit at least one of
us got some good news.
- What you mean by that?
- You know. they denied me man
and it's crazy.
Aint had no physical evidence
and they had no witness
- But you know how the system is man
you know how they do it
- You right about that.
And when I came back from the county man
they moved my cell.
- Aah?
- Yeah man
they put me in the cell with some nigga
I bumped into back in the county name Ruel
my little brother be running behind.
- Ruel?
Man that name sound familiar
- From the folk block.
- You now what?
You right man. they say Ruel
was getting that paper man.
- That shit don't mean nothing now.
- Why don't it?.
- Shit. why?
He aint here.
- Think about it man.
If he getting that paper
that means he got connections
on the house man so I get
out. you know what I'm saying?
I can make something happen.
- You damn sure right man.
You damn sure. you know what man?
You a motherfucking genius man.
- Oh man you gotta be thinking.
You gotta think smart out here man.
- Yeah man I'm hola at you when
I get back to the cell man.
You right man.
- Yeah no doubt.
- All right that was good though man.
Let me get back to the
motherfucking you know
this bars man
- Don't hurt yourself man.
You know what I'm saying?
- Ima try man
- That might be too much
weight for you baby.
- All right man
- I'll get at you.
- Yeah I'd never forget.
it was like a Friday.
It was it was like right
before spring vacation.
(bell rings)
- Yes. he had 38
- Id draw a 50.
- You would draw a 50. not on me.
- Fly. you already know
- No DJ you know.
Come on you know what happened last week?
- I'm the best I. got the best jams.
- What's that?
- Fuck these niggas looking at
- Hey what's up man. welcome
to Devile. my name Devantae
everybody call me Phila
- Phila what up. I'm Rick
- So Rick where you coming from?
- I just came here from Florida.
- Oh from Florida that's cool.
I want to meet a couple of my friends.
Why you all stand so hard. come on.
I want you all to meet Rick.
from the sunshine state.
- Don't let it fool you though. Fly
- I hear you.
This DJ. this Susie and
this is my girl Tommie.
she off limits.
- Hey. hey you're gonna see
- Hey guys clear my hallway.
I know it's the day before spring break
but I will start serving detention.
- Cut us some slack miss
- Imma cut you some slack all right
in the form of a detention.
- No ma'am we're wrapping it up.
- Bruh you nasty.
(laughs)
- Know what. thanks to the comedian.
- You serious?
- Yes. see you tomorrow.
- Not going to that mess.
- Dude you got to
- what you about to get into
- I ain't got nothing planned
- For real we go skiing every Friday night
trying to hang up.
- Yeah I'ma get with you.
- All right bet.
- All right
- Damn that's how you
bet nigga Ricky then huh?
- Yeah. he was solid
until we started getting
that guap
- That hows that shit goes
That's how I normally be man.
- Yeah. so you know we
was rocking for a minute
and he started getting serious with Susie
and me. me and Tommie we
was rocking heavy man.
So. you know and then.
it got to the point where
her mother kept threatening her
like she was going to
send her away and stuff.
At that point it was too late
(mumbles)
we had madly in love
and she was pregnant with my first seed.
- Fly I'm pregnant. I'm scared.
What is we gon do?
- I don't know.
Maybe I can get a job after school.
- Hopefully. cause we need
to figure something out.
- I mean we'll find something
- I hope so.
- Aah aah dare you ass go
get you ass the fuck up
and get up outta here.
- I'ma call you later.
- You aint gonna call no goddamn body.
Get fucked up.
Y'all keep that shit up.
then ima go bad unruly on
your fat ass and I mean it
- And that was the last
time I heard from her
for like three years man.
And one night me and Rickie
we had the skating rink
and we waiting on this one girl named Koko
that I had knocked off at the County fair.
And she was supposed to
be bringing her friend
with her for Rick
- Hey Koko where your friend at?
- Yeah where is your girl at?
- Be on her way. they coming
- See that right there
- What's up y'all. meet my girl.
- To my surprise man. her friend was....
Dang girl was up
- Hey Tommie girl
- hey Susie
- Damn!.
You was like way in the gym
- Bro I almost shit my
drawers man. you know
- Damn
- shit I had to play it
cool. you know what I mean
- How do y'all know each other?
- We went to school together.
- What's up Tommie.
- Hey Rick
(murmurs)
- Have a seat.
- Man lets let them talk
- Okay were they looking
(mumbles)
- Just mind your business
- Why the fuck you haven't
return any of my phone calls?
- I've been busy. plus I got a new number.
- Bullshit it's fucked
up how you never called
to check on your daughter.
- This aint the time and the
place to be talking about this.
- Boy?
- Here you go
- Thanks girl.
- Damn. did you still
focus on your baby mama?
- Man on the side I was still with Koko
and she was fucking
with some African nigga.
The crazy part about it all bro man
she ended up getting pregnant again.
- Damn by you?
- Yeah man.
Well look. about her being
with the Africans dude
See we agree we going to tell him you know
let him know it was his child .you know
that's how it played out.
- So see and the coke never find out.
- Yeah she found out once I was
in the joint though you know
it was too late then
I think her and Tommie
ended up getting into it.
You know what I mean?
But like. she never with
confronted me with it
but. from what I hear
my little brother said he
found her dead in the car man.
So you know that shit
never really hit the fan.
you know what I mean?
Yeah. that shit deep man.
Yeah but you know. it is what it hommie.
- Shit like a movie
- Straight like that man.
Shit. I ain't stay on that shit man
you know. I'm keep moving higher move man.
- Shit will be over
- Right. right.
Man after 30 years it's
finally your turn man.
You up in line.
- No man.
I'm kind of nervous and
scared at the same time.
- Nah you gotta be cool
by the way. may celly man
he gave me this number man.
- Oh okay
- Yeah his brother CB. he
say he expecting your call.
- Yeah no doubt.
I'ma give him a call man.
But yeah man let me get up outta here man
before these people change their mind man.
- Alright man
- Look check this out man.
If you could mind giving
me the second chance
to be your father man
- Ain't no doubt.
It's all love.
- I love you too man.
- Stay up out there man.
- All right man
- Take care
- Your time next. baby
I aint no doubt.
(thudding)
- Man what's up with you man
tomorrow that big day.
- Shit man I already
know I can't wait man.
It been a long time man.
- Ay don't forget about your boy
- Come on man how am I do that man?
All the many nights we
had talking man listen man
Listen as soon as I get
out and get settled man
I'm gonna get with the
Ohio innocence project man
- Just get me in that courtroom.
Take it from there and
be right behind you bro.
- Ain't no doubt man.
Shit often they give me some ransom man.
I got a big day tomorrow man.
- That out man
- You want me to wake
you up for breakfast?
- Hell no I ain't going no child.
(laughs)
- You crazy man. all right
- All right bro.
(hiphop music beats)
- Dearly beloved. we are
gathered here in the sight of God
and in the presence of family and friends
to join together. this man and this woman
in Holy matrimony.
Those who God put together.
let no one put asunder.
May the peace and
unconditional love of God
surround you and remain.
You may seal your vows with a kiss.
Allow me to present.
Mr and Mrs. Devante Williams.
(audience applause)
- Wow this place is gorgeous!
What is this?
- This is yours. its all yours
- Its all mine?
Y'all knew this is exactly what I wanted.
This is exactly what I wanted. thank you.
Thank you all so much
- Hope you enjoy
- Man this place is so pretty.
Fly you did all of this you and Tye
- Yeah. for you!
- Pablo. you had in on this
(laughs)
This is amazing y'all.
this is just what I wanted.
- Pabs. you already know baby
- Thank you.
(slow music)
(door crackles)
- What's up?
- Hey baby. was waiting on you
where you been?
- Shit you out there
getting that money man.
(mumbles)
(chuckles)
- Close your eyes. I
don't want you end up.
I want us to stay together
for ever
- You're arresting me huh?
- I want you to just stay
right here looking real cute
(mumbles)
ooh
- Yes ma'am. holly shit. goddam man shit
(mumbles)
- Damn Fly. this was the
fuck you'd kill me over?
- The fuck!
- No you have my money bitch ass nigga
- No!
(mumbles)
- Shit!
- No!
- Fuck him. its on the floor
- Bitch
- Yeah bitch your time is--
- No!
No.
no.
no!
- Fly wake up. wake up
you're having a bad dream.
- Shit. shit
(breathing heavily)
shit
(phone buzzing)
- Hello?
Ma' what's you doing calling me this late?
- [Tommie] Devante. you
gotta get to the hospital now
your brother been shot.
- Fuck!
- Fly what's going on?
- I'm not gonna talk about it right now.
talk to you about it later.
- What's going on?
- [Fly] I gotta go man. I gotta go.
I'll talk to you later man.
- Fly what's going on?
- There's no pulse were
losing him. we're losing him
come on guys.
- Devante I cannot lose my baby
- Ma' don't worry about ma
it ain't looking good for the Prado.
- I know my God.
- Hey look you stay here man.
And just keep me posted
on what's going on.
I'm gonna go out here in these streets
- Okay
- And see if I can find out
who's responsible for this.
- You let me know as soon
as you hear something.
- All right ma. I love you
- I love You
- What's going on with you man.
- Waddup hommie.
- Fuck man!
Shit!
(sighs)
fuck man
- What's up hommie
- [Phone] Waddup Fly
- Ah shit I just left
from the hospital man.
My little brother man it aint look good
I'm out here in this streets man
trying to figure out who's
responsible for this shit.
I can't let that ride like that man
- [phone] Real quick man.
word on the street is
that nigga Ricky behind that
shit with your brother Tye man?
- What?
You sure?
- Yeah. that's the word
- All right man .you know I gotta ride man
and I can't let that shit go like that
- Hey Fly. hey man don't
do nothing crazy man.
Hello?
- I wanna pop
fuck this man.
Fuck!
(car engine revving)
- Hey Dick I already talk to our girl?
I'ma go in.
you go around the back in
five minutes. If I ain't out
you come and clean up
everything moving. you hear me?
- Bad
(hiphop music)
(gun cocks)
(hiphop music continues)
- Hey Wink. where the fuck Ricky at?
(gun shot)
(screaming)
(gun shots)
(grins)
(screaming)
(guns shot)
(somber music)
- Devante!
Fly!
Somebody help me...
(gun shots)
(mumbles)
stay with me
Devante!
Devante help!
Stay with me
- Hey man. come on help man
get over help me
- Help!
Somebody call 911.
Devante stay with me. stay
with me baby stay with me
♪ I was born by the river ♪
♪ In a little town ♪
♪ And just like the river ♪
- Damn my mother-in-law
is singing an amazing song
after all these years it took now that
here dead to realize she didn't hate me
she just wanted what was
best for her daughter
♪ Long time coming ♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ Change gonna come ♪
- Hopefully mom deuce will be able
to pull through on this one
I know she has a lot on her plate
but she's the strongest
woman I've ever known
so i know she'll be all right
♪ So hard living ♪
♪ But I'm afraid to die ♪
♪ I don't know what's out there ♪
♪ Lord knows I dunno ♪
♪ What's beyond the sky ♪
♪ Its been a long long ♪
♪ Long time coming ♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ A change gon come ♪
- As we come to a time
to where we see life
at sea come to the end of life.
We must know that it
brings about a change.
(feet thudding)
(car horn honking)
- Oh yeah motherfucker.
it's slick Rick time.
- Yoh Dave
- What's up Joe?
- Man I gotta question.
You going to do that thing
for Devante tomorrow?
- Yeah I've been thinking
about sliding by for a minute.
- Perfect.
Look. I can't go
but I still want Cynthia to go.
- okay
- And I was wondering if
you can take her foe me.
- Yeah bro. I got you.
- Thank you I appreciate
- All right yoh
- I opened this gym up
to bring y'all in here
and show you something better
that y'all can do with your life.
Choose your own future man.
Like that system that we
have is so corrupted man
I sat in that prison cell for no reason.
for no point at all.
And I thought to myself I had
to get out and make a change
and this is what I'm doing right now.
I started to close the line
me and my partner got a gym.
We doing different things
and positive things.
So I wanna encourage all. man go to school
stay in school and don't
believe the hype man
be a police officer in your neighborhood.
Be the prosecutor man. be a judge
cause y'all can change the whole narrative
what's going on in that system.
We gotta get on that side of the fence
and make it better for
our kind and our people.
You gotta help each other out.
So. I'm encouraging y'all
do something different
with your life man.
What's your name?
- I'm Erick
- What's yours
- Adam
- What's your?
Antonio.
- You?
- Kelvin
- Hakim
- Brandon
- You can be whatever you want to be man.
Anything you chose to be man
don't let the streets choose
your future for you man
do something different man.
I was blessed with a
partner like Fly the Ohio
innocence project. a good lawyer
and that's what brought me home.
You know what I'm saying?
I could've been doing life in
jail right now but I'm here.
I'm here to tell y'all
do something different
and be a better example for y'all.
(door bell chimes)
(hands thudding)
- What's up with you
what's up with you man
how old are you?
Yeah that's all I was saying though man
it's our future man. you
know what I'm saying?
- Player T that me Hollywood in the hood
I'm right here Stuff Yourself kitchen
for a special dedication
to Devante Williams.
This young man has
exemplified the true meaning
of taking a negative situation
and turn it into something positive.
Unfortunately. today marks
the first anniversary
of his death due to gun violence
and the big question is.
when is it all going to end?
Now we're gonna listen in
to Councilman Bashir Jones
and Devontae William's mother.
How are you doing Councilman?
- I'm doing well under
the circumstance man.
This is a always a sad
situation when you lose life.
When people have to go back
to the creator as a
result of gun violence.
Over 80% of the people
who die in this city
they die due to gun deaths
and mothers have to cry
daughters have to bury their fathers.
It's a very sad situation
but. what I can say. that I'm happy about
is the fact that we are here
opening up a new business
that will be a benefit to this community.
His death was not in vain
and his life will continue
right here inside this beautiful business.
So I'm excited to be here with you
to be here with the family
to be here with the mom
and to be with the community members
that we have to stop this violence.
We have to stop killing each other.
It's a beautiful quote
that says. "it's not
"that we don't love our
neighbors like we love ourselves.
"we do love our neighbors
like we love ourselves.
"the problem is that we
don't love ourselves."
So that we don't love ourselves
and obviously I can't love
anything that looks like me.
So we have to have self love.
So I'm here in support of the mom
in support of this beautiful family
to open up this amazing business .
that we hope. not only sell some good food
but also promotes love.
- You say that?
That's a Ricky!
- Ricky who?
- Ricky Smith. Fly's co-defendant
fuck!
Man I gotta stop him
before he tries something at this reunion.
- Thank you.
Well we're right here with
Devonte's mom right here.
How you doing ma lady?
- I'm good. how are you?
Thank you so much for coming.
- Right. you're welcome
and under the circumstances is real tough
you like to say any words?
- Absolutely.
Today is a very special
day for me and my family.
This was a really big dream of my sons
and there's not a day that goes by
that I don't think about Devontae.
- Right
- Therefore. it's only right
that I help him see his dreams come true.
Five. four .three
- [All] Two. one.
(soft music)
- This I'm coming with you
if you're not out in here by go there
we're shooting nothing in
five minutes. I'm coming in
(murmurs of playing children)
(distant car horn)
(car horn yonks)
(intense music)
(feet thudding)
(intense music continues)
(murmurs of playing children)
- So this is always been
a dream of Devantae's.
So without further ado. son
this is for you. scissors
(crowd clapping)
(gun shot)
(screams)
- Up there. the shot
came from that window.
(intense music)
- You'll right?
I got it. go. go
- Hey what the fuck!
- I had no choice
- Then how'd you get here so fast
- I received a tip. I
didn't have time to call in
so I had to just do what I have to do
- So you just shot him?
- I had to do what I had
to do. it was him or me
- Listen you get outta here.
we'll clean up this mess.
- So sorry.
So sorry to hear how
it happened. so sorry.
- Thank y'all for coming
- There's no way that..
I know nothing that I can say right now
that can make it better.
but I just want you to know that
whatever whatever me
and my community can do
to be of assistance to you we will
- Okay
- we will be here for you.
I promise you that.
- Thank you.
- Promise you that
- I appreciate you.
- God bless you. okay.
- I love you
- Thank you sister. thank you
- Thank you for coming.
Thank you.
- Hey you.
stay right here sweetie
- Hey
- I heard it was Ricky
up in that building.
- Ricky?
- I think he was trying to kill Pablo.
- It all makes sense now.
Girl Pablo just recently found out
that Ricky was his son from
his ex-wife down in Florida
- But what would he have against Fly?
- That's a question I'm
still trying to figure out.
All I know is he never respected the fact
that Pablo came back to Cleveland
and left him and his
family in Florida for dead.
(soft instrumental music)
- Hey grand dad.
- Hey grand baby.
Where your grandma at?
- She back there in the back.
- I see you getting that
money. its in your blood line.
- My DNA
- Is a good thing when we could
spend the rest of our lives
with the ones we love. we
must cherish every moment
we get on this earth
and make sure we tell our
loved ones we love them.
Tomorrow's not promised to us.
so live every moment like it's your last
♪ Yoh everybody talking about ♪
♪ They getting that money man ♪
♪ You know what I'm saying ♪
♪ Niggas getting money
bitches getting money ♪
♪ Kids and old people get get money man ♪
♪ It ain't buy what you cop ♪
♪ it's about what you keep you heard me ♪
♪ It's in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They asked you if
you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's all you got to say ♪
♪ It's in my blood lie ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you out here every day ♪
♪ You know where it ain't no other way ♪
♪ Its in blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They asked you if
you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's all you gotta say ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you are out here every day ♪
♪ You there ain no other way ♪
♪ I was born in this game ♪
♪ Raised in the streets ♪
♪ What's y'all ♪
♪ Ran awful burden day ♪
♪ 150 K a week ♪
♪ A quarter milli buy i weekly ♪
♪ Half a million for the month ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ These other niggas falling man ♪
♪ I'm balling man ♪
♪ I stunt ♪
♪ I swear I get this paper every day ♪
♪ I move just like a savage kid ♪
♪ Who also bought a bitch ♪
♪ He just saying everyday habit ♪
♪ Opportunity I grab it ♪
♪ Lazy niggas never eat ♪
♪ And I don't like to lose ♪
♪ So I don't snooze ♪
♪ And I don't sleep ♪
♪ Pick gang ♪
♪ kick fat ♪
♪ Pop bottles ♪
♪ Flip packs ♪
♪ If I ever fall flat ♪
♪ I'm gonna go get it to
the get it right back ♪
♪ Y'all niggas fumbling the game ♪
♪ It gets sat in and stuff about I say ♪
♪ You get pushed back ♪
♪ Back on a plate and
the nigga talk shit ♪
♪ Don't talk back nigga ♪
♪ Hit him with sticks ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They asked you if
you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's all you gotta say ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you are out here every day ♪
♪ You there ain no other way ♪
♪ It's in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They ask you if you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's all you gotta say ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you out here everyday ♪
♪ you know where it ain't no other way ♪
♪ they call me you ♪
♪ They call me rich ♪
♪ They call me crazy ♪
♪ Call me fly ♪
♪ They call you snitch ♪
♪ They call you bitch ♪
♪ And plus pits of spitting on you ♪
♪ We run this money through
a large bank account ♪
♪ And business bitches ♪
♪ They just sold some
friends and run up on me ♪
♪ My whole team is like an army ♪
♪ We got captains ♪
♪ We got gentle ♪
♪ Ride around the city ♪
♪ Wearing precious gold I men ♪
♪ This shit is also liminal ♪
♪ I see it and I say it ♪
♪ If it's pooping ♪
♪ Then i copy ♪
♪ You can stop it on the Lake ♪
♪ Lets go ♪
♪ This is the life that
we live in this time ♪
♪ You learn how to swim and
you sink and you drown ♪
♪ Guns and butter is how we get ♪
♪ Save that for your bitch ♪
♪ We don't fuck around ♪
♪ Shoot in the shelter ♪
♪ Dump on your block ♪
♪ Where you serving lets go ♪
♪ No Frizzing this game
where you sell it cocaine ♪
♪ This is all I know
'cause flow to my fans ♪
♪ Its in blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They asked you if
you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's you gotta say ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you are ouT here every day ♪
♪ You there ain no other way ♪
♪ Its in blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ They asked you if
you getting paper man ♪
♪ That's all you gotta say ♪
♪ Its in my blood line ♪
♪ My DNA ♪
♪ And if you are out here every day ♪
♪ You know there are no other way ♪
(electric buzzing)